Add tutorial for `sct_compute_compression` in documentation (#4162)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/shape-analysis/normalizing-morphometrics-compressions/normalizing-morphometrics.rst

.. _normalizing-morphometrics:

Applying the normalization on morphometrics with ``sct_compute_compression``
#######################################################################################

> A ratio is computed of the morphometrics at the level(s) of compression withe the measures at the levels above and below all compression sites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``sct_compute_compression`` function computes a ratio of the morphometric measures at the level(s) of compression with the measures at the levels above and below all compression sites. 
```

> Adding the option ``-normalize-hc`` normalizes the morphometrics with a database of healthy subjects before computing the ratio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the option ``-normalize-hc`` normalizes the morphometric morphometrics with a database of adult healthy participants before computing the ratio.
```

Compute ratio between **AP-diameter** at level of compression vs. above/below
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We will compute the ratio of the anteroposterior diameter at the level of compression and levels above and below all compresssions.
This is equivalent to the MSCC (maximum spinal cord compression) metric (Miyanji et al.)[https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/17431129/].

.. code:: sh

   sct_compute_compression -i t2_compressed_seg.nii.gz -vertfile t2_compressed_seg_labeled.nii.gz -l t2_compressed_labels-compression.nii.gz -metric diameter_AP -normalize-hc 0 -o ap_ratio.csv
   
:Input arguments:
   - ``-i`` : The input segmentation file.
   - ``-vertfile`` : Vertebral labeling file.
   - ``-l`` : Compression labels file.
   - ``metric``: Metric to compute ratio: diameter_AP (default). 

>    - ``normalize``: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - ``-normalize-hc``: Set to 1 to normalize the metrics using a database of healthy controls. Set to 0 to not normalize.
```

   - ``-o`` : The output CSV file.
:Output files/folders:
   - ``ap_ratio.csv`` : A file containing the ratio values for each. This file is partially replicated in the table below.

.. csv-table:: Anterposterior diameter ratio with levels above and below all compressions.
   :file: ap_ratio.csv
   :header-rows: 1

:Legend:   
   - **diameter_AP_ratio**: Ratio computed in the subject's native space.
   - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space.

>    - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50_normalized**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space and normalized with healthy controls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50_normalized**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space and normalized with adult healthy participants
```

.. note::
   - The flag ``-metric`` can be used to specify the morphometric to compute the ratio.
   - The flag ``-distance`` can be used to select the distance (mm) in the superior-inferior direction along the cord to average healthy slices.
   - The flag ``-extent`` can be used to specify the extent (mm) to average metrics of healthy levels.

Compute ratio of **AP diameter** : normalized with healthy controls:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> We will add the flag ``-normalize-hc`` to use a database of healthy controls to normalize the anteroposterior diameters. 

Reviewer: To be consistent:

```suggestion
We will add the flag ``-normalize-hc`` to use a database of adult healthy participants to normalize the anteroposterior diameters. 
```

.. code:: sh

   sct_compute_compression -i t2_compressed_seg.nii.gz -vertfile t2_compressed_seg_labeled.nii.gz -l t2_compressed_labels-compression.nii.gz -metric diameter_AP -normalize-hc 1 -o ap_ratio_norm_PAM50.csv

:Input arguments:
   - ``-i`` : The input segmentation file.
   - ``-vertfile`` : Vertebral labeling file.
   - ``-l`` : Compression labels file.

>    - ``metric``: Metric to compute ratio: diameter_AP (default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - ``metric``: Metric to compute ratio: diameter_AP (default).
    - ``-normalize-hc``: Set to 1 to normalize the metrics using a database of healthy controls. Set to 0 to not normalize.
```

   - ``-o`` : The output CSV file.

:Output files/folders:
   - ``ap_ratio_norm_PAM50.csv`` : A file containing the ratio values for each. This file is partially replicated in the table below.

.. csv-table:: Anterposterior diameter ratio with levels above and below all compressions normalized with healthy controls.
   :file: ap_ratio_norm_PAM50.csv
   :header-rows: 1

:Legend:   
   - **diameter_AP_ratio**: Ratio computed in the subject's native space.
   - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space.

>    - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50_normalized**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space and normalized with healthy controls

Reviewer: To be consistent:

```suggestion
   - **diameter_AP_ratio_PAM50_normalized**: Ratio computed in the PAM50 space and normalized with adult healthy participants.
```

.. note::

>    - The flag ``-sex`` can be used select the sex of healthy subject to use for the normalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The flag ``-sex`` can be used to select the sex of adult healthy participants to use for the normalization.
```

>    - The flag ``-age`` can be used to select the age range of healthy subjects to use for normalization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The flag ``-age`` can be used to select the age range of adult healthy participants to use for normalization.
```
